Welcome pilot ... to the typefighter training program.

Today marks the beginning... of your official typefighter Training.

Before I throw you into high-speed maneuvers... dodging incoming words... and blasting through keyboard missions...
I'm going to start with the basics: your typing launch position...

That means learning the home row, and the two most important keys on your keyboard: F and J.

The home row is the middle row of your keyboard. On the left side, it starts with:

The A Key, then the S key, then the D key, and finally the F key.

And on the right side, it continues with:

The J key, then the K key, next the L key, and finally the semicolon key.

This row is your keyboard launch position... It’s where your fingers rest between missions, and where they should always return after flying out to press other keys.

Here’s your starting formation:

On your left hand...
Put your left pinky on the A key. Your left pinky should rest on the A key...
Put your left ring finger on the S key. Your left ring finger should rest on the S key...
Put your left middle finger on the D key. Your left middle finger should rest on the D key...
Put your left pointer finger on the F key. Your left pointer finger should rest on the F key...

And on your right hand...
Put your right pointer finger on the J key. Your right pointer finger should rest on the J key...
Put your right middle finger on the K key. Your right middle finger should rest on the K key...
Put your right ring finger on the L key. Your right ring finger should rest on the L key...
Put your right pinky on the semicolon key. Your right pinky should rest on the semicolon key...

Your hand should now be on the home row...

Now, pilot, pay very close attention...

The F and J keys are your navigation beacons. They each have a tiny raised bump on them. And those little bumps help your pointer fingers find the home row without looking down.

That means even in total keyboard darkness, your fingers can still find their way back to the home row and to the right positions.

You now know what the home row is... and You know where F and J are... You also know how to find your home row without looking down...
Knowing all this, You might just survive your first simulation!

OH, One more thing pilot, I should say, the most important thing if you want to become uh real typefighter pilot:

Never.. and I mean never ever... look at the keyboard while flying if you can help it. It's the biggest rule here at typefighter school.

Looking down breaks your focus... takes your eyes off the enemies... slows your speed... and makes your fingers lazy.
Uh real typing pilot learns to trust their navigation beacons with those tiny raised bumps... to trust the home row... and to trust their training.

So before you begin your first training mission, take one quick look at the keyboard. Place your fingers on the home row.
Make sure your pointer fingers can feel those little bumps on F and J...

Once your hands are locked into position, it's time for eyes forward.

No more looking down until the lesson is complete... You’ve got this, rookie.

To launch the training simulation, place both hands on the home row. Then use either thumb to press the ␣ — that big long key at the bottom of the keyboard.
