Welcome back, pilot ... and congratulations on your promotion.
Things are going to get a bit harder from here.

Upper Brass has seen your progress and signed off on upgrading your pod.
That will be your pod moving forward and no other pilot will use it.

You should notice a weapon upgrade on your next Mission.
You also may have noticed you've been getting credits for your work after each mission.
You now have access to the upgrades shop, you can find a button for it at the top right of the missions lists.
They can be a life saver as these missions are about to get a lot tougher.
Some upgrades require you've reached a certain level, others a certain rank.

Rank has it's privileges though Private.

Now onto your next mission which adds mission adds 'G' and 'H' which are also on the home row.

You'll use your left pointer and right pointer fingers to press the 'G' and 'H' keys.
This wil be your first stretch key, meaning you will have to stretch your finger over, and press either 'G' or 'H'.

To press the 'G' key, stretch your left point off of the 'F' key and onto the 'G' key and press it.
Then as quickly as you can move it back to its launch position over the 'F' key once again.

Likewise, to press the 'H' key, stretch your right pointer finger off of the 'J' key and onto the 'H' key and press it.
Then as quickly as you can move it back to its launch position over the 'J' key.

All new keys you learn will be stretch keys, but these first two should be some of the easiest to learn.

It's vitally important that after each stretch press you return your fingers to their launch position.
This sets them up to more quickly move to their next keypress.

One last thing, going forward, you will face a formidable elite enemy drone at the end of the lesson.
The hexa-drone has a light blue shield with three shield charges you will need to drain. Normal shots will not break the shield and your pod won't even let you waste ammo trying.

You've been given new weaponry to deal with these elite end mission drones however. Drain their shields, and take them down.
Oh, and watch out, they generate lesser drones to distract you. Stay calm and stay focused.

Remember, the elite drone can only be destroyed while its shield is down, and will require a powerful hit to take it out.

